
Mod Name: An Anvil Is Not Enough

Version: 0.4.2b

Author: Matthew R. Karlsen

Q. What is new in version 0.4.2b?

The messages that the mod uses no longer appear in message boxes, but instead appear at the top right corner of the screen (a small immersion tweak).

Q. What does "An Anvil Is Not Enough" actually do?

The mod is a very simple immersion/realism fix. There are two main changes. Firstly, the game is altered such crafting items requires a full forge (an anvil by itself is not sufficient). Secondly, the use of smithing apparatus now requires the necessary tools (hammer, tongs and shovel).

Q. So, anvils now do nothing? That doesn't sound very realistic either...

Anvils now function as workbenches, so you can improve armor on them, just as you could using a regular workbench.

Q. Aren't workbenches unrealistic too?

To be honest, I also find the use of workbenches for tempering armor to be slightly dubious wherever the tempering requires the use of metal, but that is beyond the scope of this mod. The game design appears to prevent a crafting apparatus from performing both crafting and tempering functions so a fix for this issue could be extremely difficult. I will look in to this issue in more detail in the future.

Q. Where can I buy tongs, hammers and shovels?

The blacksmiths in the game now stock these tools.

Q. Where does this mod need to be in my load order?

The mod needs to be after any other mods that modify the anvil, such as "PRUFEI" and "Elementary Smelting".

Q. Where do I put the file if I choose to install manually?

Place the .esp file in your Skyrim Data directory, such as "C:\Program Files\steam\steamapps\common\skyrim\Data\" or "C:\Program Files (x86)\steam\steamapps\common\skyrim\Data\".

Q. Who helped make the mod?

Lofgren (on the Nexus Mods forum) provided substantial help in improving the second feature.

Q. Can I suggest improving the mod by doing x, y, or z?

I would be interested in any suggestions. Please contact me via nexusmods.com, or e-mail me using the address firstname@lastname.me.uk (using my first and last names).

Q. Can I report a bug?

The mod is very simple and should be completely bug free. If you do experience problems then please raise an issue on GitHub.

Q. Do you have any other mods?

I have a mod called "PRUFEI" (http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/54375/) which prevents smelting of equipped and favorite items in compatible mods. One of these compatible mods is "Elementary Smelting" (http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/54378/) which enables smelting of practically any craftable metal item in Skyrim, Dawnguard, Hearthfire and Dragonborn. Additional files for Elementary Smelting also permit the breakdown of dragonscale-based armors and leather armors.

License:

The .esp file contains data that belongs to the game's creators and is supplied under their particular license.
The changes specific to this mod, made by the mod authors, are released under the license in the LICENSE file.
